#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
accelerate==0.29.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   peft
aiofiles==23.2.1
    # via gradio
aiohttp==3.9.5
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   fsspec
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
altair==5.3.0
    # via gradio
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.3.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
av==12.0.0
    # via pytorchvideo
braceexpand==0.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   webdataset
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via soundfile
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
contourpy==1.2.1
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
datasets==2.14.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   evaluate
decord==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
dill==0.3.7
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   multiprocess
einops==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
evaluate==0.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
fastapi==0.110.1
    # via gradio
ffmpy==0.3.2
    # via gradio
filelock==3.13.4
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
fonttools==4.51.0
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2023.10.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
ftfy==6.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fvcore==0.1.5.post20221221
    # via pytorchvideo
gradio==4.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
gradio-client==0.7.1
    # via gradio
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.0
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
huggingface-hub==0.17.3
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   peft
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-resources==6.4.0
    # via gradio
iopath==0.1.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fvcore
    #   pytorchvideo
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   altair
    #   gradio
    #   torch
joblib==1.4.0
    # via scikit-learn
jsonschema==4.21.1
    # via altair
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   jinja2
matplotlib==3.8.4
    # via gradio
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.15
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
networkx==3.3
    # via
    #   pytorchvideo
    #   torch
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   altair
    #   contourpy
    #   datasets
    #   decord
    #   evaluate
    #   fvcore
    #   gradio
    #   matplotlib
    #   opencv-python
    #   pandas
    #   peft
    #   pyarrow
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   tensorboardx
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
    #   webdataset
nvidia-cublas-cu12==12.1.3.1
    # via
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12==12.1.105
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12==12.1.105
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12==12.1.105
    # via torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu12==8.9.2.26
    # via torch
nvidia-cufft-cu12==11.0.2.54
    # via torch
nvidia-curand-cu12==10.3.2.106
    # via torch
nvidia-cusolver-cu12==11.4.5.107
    # via torch
nvidia-cusparse-cu12==12.1.0.106
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-nccl-cu12==2.19.3
    # via torch
nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12==12.4.127
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusparse-cu12
nvidia-nvtx-cu12==12.1.105
    # via torch
opencv-python==4.9.0.80
    # via -r requirements.in
orjson==3.10.1
    # via gradio
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   altair
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   matplotlib
    #   peft
    #   tensorboardx
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   gradio
parameterized==0.9.0
    # via pytorchvideo
peft==0.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==10.3.0
    # via
    #   fvcore
    #   gradio
    #   matplotlib
    #   torchvision
portalocker==2.8.2
    # via iopath
protobuf==5.26.1
    # via tensorboardx
psutil==5.9.8
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   peft
pyarrow==15.0.2
    # via datasets
pyarrow-hotfix==0.6
    # via datasets
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.7.0
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
pydantic-core==2.18.1
    # via pydantic
pydub==0.25.1
    # via gradio
pygments==2.17.2
    # via rich
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-multipart==0.0.9
    # via gradio
pytorchvideo @ git+https://github.com/facebookresearch/pytorchvideo.git@eb04d1b
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2024.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   fvcore
    #   gradio
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   peft
    #   transformers
    #   webdataset
    #   yacs
referencing==0.34.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.4.16
    # via transformers
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   fsspec
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   responses
    #   transformers
responses==0.18.0
    # via evaluate
rich==13.7.1
    # via typer
rpds-py==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
safetensors==0.4.3
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   peft
    #   transformers
scikit-learn==1.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via gradio
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.16.0
    # via python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
soundfile==0.12.1
    # via -r requirements.in
starlette==0.37.2
    # via fastapi
sympy==1.12
    # via torch
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via fvcore
tensorboardx==2.6.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
termcolor==2.4.0
    # via fvcore
threadpoolctl==3.4.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   transformers
tomlkit==0.12.0
    # via gradio
toolz==0.12.1
    # via altair
torch==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   peft
    #   torchaudio
    #   torchvision
torchaudio==2.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
torchvision==0.17.2
    # via -r requirements.in
tqdm==4.66.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   fvcore
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   iopath
    #   peft
    #   transformers
transformers==4.34.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   peft
typer[all]==0.12.3
    # via gradio
typing-extensions==4.11.0
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   iopath
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   torch
    #   typer
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
    #   responses
uvicorn==0.29.0
    # via gradio
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via ftfy
webdataset==0.2.86
    # via -r requirements.in
websockets==11.0.3
    # via gradio-client
xxhash==3.4.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
yacs==0.1.8
    # via fvcore
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
